Added Windows script error information. (#100)
hacks-guide/Guide_Wii: _pages/en_US/vwii-finalizing-setup.md

2. Type `R` to run the script
3. When it is done, place the `Mii Channel v6 (Wii).wad` in a folder on your SD card titled `WAD`. You can make one if it does not exist.

> If you have issues running the script, open up a normal powershell and run `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser`. Then, right click the script files, open properties, and click unblock if the button is present. Try the script again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have issues running the script, open a powershell window and run `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser`. Then, right click the script files, select properties, and click unblock if the button is present. Then, try the script again.

```

Author: This is probably a better way to word it, just realized I should've worded it better from how the pin in the server said so.
